I'll  hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and a plane ticket back!
I'll hit you so hard you 'll have to take off your shoes to shit!
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall!
You're so dumb you think socialism means partying!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb you think Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch "60 Minutes"!
You  so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone bill.
You so dumb you got blonde roots in your eyeballs.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
She  was  so ugly...  they used to push her face into dough to make gorilla biscuits
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're  so  ugly,  if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you for mooning!
You're  so  ugly  if  you  joined  an  ugly  contest, they'd say "Sorry, no professionals!"
You're so ugly your face is closed on weekends!
You're so ugly you could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to walk backwards!
You're so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your mother!
You're  so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said "Twins!"
You're so ugly they know what time you were born, because your face stopped the clock!
She's so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
She's so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Your face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the dog to play with you.
You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
You're  so  fat  if  you  weighed  five  more  pounds,  you could get group insurance!
You're  so  fat  you  get  clothes in three sizes:  extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
You're so fat if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take his word for it!
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people you are backing up.
Your so fat, that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.
Your wife said she liked seafood.  So I gave her crabs.
Are those your tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave you their heads?
Is that an accent, or is your mouth just full of sperm?
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
You're so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
I'm  looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've  had  many  cases  of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already without your working so hard to give us another?
The  thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that many people are to blame for producing you.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I  hear  that  when  you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I  hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You  were  born  because  your  mother  didn't believe in abortion; now she believes in infanticide.
No  one should be punished for accident of birth but you look too much like a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You  were the answer to a prayer.  Your parents prayed that the world would be made to suffer and here you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At  your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
You  have  nothing  to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I  don't  consider you a vulture.  I consider you something a vulture would eat.
I  think you should live for the moment.  But after that I doubt I'll think so.
Man you're alive!  But I wish you weren't.
I  believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
I  admire  your because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a thief and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.
Roses are red, violets are blue, i have 5 fingers and the middle one is for You.
Yo mommas so dumb she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go!
Yo mama so dumb she stared at da orange juice bottle cause it said concentrate
Your momma is so fat that when she stepped on the scale it said one at a time please.
Yo mammas so fat you could slap her legs and ride the waves
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car for gas money
Yo Mama's so fat, she got baptized at Sea World.
You're mom's so stupid, she got locked up in a super market and starved
Yo Momma is so fat she walked out in high heels and came back in flip flops.
Yo' Momma's So Fat When her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Yo mama's so fat when she ordered a water bed they layed a blanket on the Pacific Ocean
Yo mamma's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
Yo mama so dumb that when I said "christmas is just around the corner" she went looking for it!
Yo Mamma's so fat it takes two busses and a train to get on her good side.
Your mom is so stupid, I said it's chilly outside, your mom ran outside wit a bowl and a spoon and asked where??
Yo Momma so fat she stepped on da scale and and it said to be continued...
Yo Mama's so poor, when I was asking why she was banging on the dumpster she said, "My kids locked me out."
Yo Momma so dumb when she saw a bus with white people in it she said, "Go catch that twinky."
Yo mommas so fat, she has to use a matress for a tampon.
Yo mamma's so stupid, she jumped off a boat and missed the water.
Yo mama's so fat, when she stepped on the dog's tail we had to change his name to Beaver.
Yo momma's so fat that when she goes outside in her yellow jacket people say "Look it's the magic school bus!!!"
Yo Mamma so fat that when the school bus drives by she yells STOP THAT TWINKIE!
Yo Mama so fat she went into a zoo and a zookeeper said, "Oh boy...another elephant got out!"
Yo mamma so stupid, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo mamma is like a brick, flat on both sides and gets laid by mexicans!
Yo mama's so fat that when she went to wal-mart she tripped over k-mart and hit target!!!!:-D
Yo momma is so fat, she stepped on a dollar and made change.
Yo mama's so poor when I saw her kickin' a can down the street, I asked her what was she doing and she said she was movin'
Your mammas so stupid she got locked in mattress store and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so fat she sat on a rainbow and skittles came out....
Your mama is so fat she jumped in to the ocean and the whales stated to sing we are family.
Yo mama's so fat she has her own zipcode
Yo Momma is like a doornob, everyone gets a turn.
Yo mamma's so fat she fell in love and broke it
Yo Mama's so fat, when she stepped onto the scale it said "to infinity and beyond!"
Yo Momma so fat, when she went to swim in the ocean she said "Oops I'm in the kiddy pool!"
I thought you were ugly ... and then I met your mama
Yo Mamma is like a hockey playa, she doesnt changer her pads for 3 periods!
Yo Momma's so ugly on Halloween, people go as her.
Yo momma's so fat that when she jumped for joy she got stuck!
Yo Momma is so fat that her cereal bowl comes with a lifeguard.
Yo' mama so fat, she has to make a long distance call to talk to herself!
Yo Momma so fat her tanning bed was Mexico!
Your momma is so retarded she got stabbed in a shootout.
Yo momma's so fat, she walked in front of the t.v and I missed a whole series of friends!
Yo momma is so fat, she's taller sideways.
Yo Mamma so stupid that she went to Dr. Dre for liposuction.
Yo Momma so dumb, she sat on the TV to watch the couch
Yo momma's so fat, she uses the pacific ocean to take a bath.
I'm not here... but yo mama is ;-)
Yo Momma's so horny, when she found out Winnie the Pooh had no pants, she a got a boner.
Yo momma so greasy they hired her at the cinima to put the butter on the popcorn!
Yo Momma so stupid her favorite color is clear.
Yo mamas so fat that at the circus she nicknamed the elephant pee wee.
Your momma's so fat that when she fell in the forest, the loggers said "TIMBER"!
Your momma is so fat that when she sweats she can be used as a steam roller.
Your momma's so fat she has to use the ocean as her toilet!
Hey!! they made a song about your weight 8675309
I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse!
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what the hell happen to you?
Right now I'm sitting here looking at you trying to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass.
If you didn't have feet you wouldn't wear shoes.....then why do you wear a bra??!
mirrors don't talk but lucky for you %n they don't laugh
Poof be gone, your breath is too strong, I don't wanna be mean, but you need listerine, not a sip, not a swallow, but the whole friggin bottle
People like you are the reason I'm on medication.
Don't piss me off today, I'm running out of places to hide to bodies
I have always woundered why people bang their heads against brick walls..... then I met you. Don't bother leaving a message.
Don't let your mind wander. It's way to small to be outside by itself!
I had a nightmare. I dreamt I was you.
Hey, Remember that time I told you I thought you were cool? I LIED.
I need you...........I want you............To get out of my face. Damn not you again.......
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but you abuse the privilege.
If I wanted to talk to you, I would have called you first.
I am not anti-social..I just don't like you
If you're gonna act like a dick you should wear a condom on your head so you can at least look like one !!!
Hmm...I dont know what your probelm is...but I'm going to bet it's really hard to pronounce...
There are some stupid people in this world. You just helped me realize it.
Until you called me I couldn't remember the last time I wanted somebody's fingers to break so badly.
If you ran 1,000,000 miles to see the boy/girl of your dreams, what would you say when you got there?
Wow, you looked a lot hotter from a distance!
Cancel my subscriptions ... I'm tired of your issues.
I may be fat,but you're ugly,and I can diet!!!
Earth is full. Go home.
If I could be one person for a day, it sure as hell wouldn't be you.
Hey, heres a hint. If i don't answer you the first 25 times, what makes you think the next 25 will work?
How do you keep an idiot in suspense? Leave a message and I'll get back to you...
Oh dear! Looks like you fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down!
What's that ugly thing growing out of your neck... Oh... It's your head...
I'm sorry, Talking to you seems as appealing as playing leapfrog with unicorns.
Oh I'm sorry, how many times did your parents drop you when you were a baby?
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful hate me because your boyfriend thinks so.
God made mountains, god made trees, god made you but we all make mistakes.
Remember JESUS loves you but everyone else thinks you're an idiot.
I'm not mean ... you're just a sissy.
Sorry I can't think of an insult stupid enough for you.
Why don't you go outside any play, hide and go f**k yourself
Beauty is skin deep, but ugly is to the bone
How about a little less questions and a little more shut the hell up? I'm away live with it.
FOR THE LAST TIME! Your mother left here at 9 this morning... Leave me alone!
Let's see, I've walked the dog, cleaned my room, gone shopping and gossiped with my friends...Nope, this list doesn't say that I'm required to talk to you.
When you were born you were so ugly that instead of slapping you, the doctor slapped your mom! leave a message
My Mom said never talk to strangers and well, since you're really strange.... I guess that means I can't talk to you!
Forget the ugly stick! you must have been born in the ugly forrest!
I really don't like you but if you really must leave a message, I'll be nice and at least pretend to care.
You know the drill! You leave a message....and I ignore it!
The Village just called. They said they were missing their town idiot, I couldn't really understand them, but I think they were saying the name was yours...
I'm not here right now so cry me a river, build yourself a bridge, and GET OVER IT!!!
Why are you bothering me? I have my away message on cause I don't want to listen to you and your stupid nonsense.
You dont know me, you just wish you did.
Hey- I am away from my computer but in the meantime, why don't you go play in traffic?!
You have your whole life to be a jerk....so why dont you take a day off so.. leave me a message for when I get back!!!!
What smells worse than a goblin? Oh yeah, you!
Your mother takes up more tiles than a gelatinous cube!
You're going to make an excellent belt!
I'm glad you're tall...It means there's more of you I can despise!
I don't know whether to use charm person or hold monster!
You're the reason baby gnomes cry!
Ugh. What the he'll is that all over your face? Oh...its just your face!
You are the feces that is created when shame eats too much stupidly!
You're like a dragon, only shit!
I've seen more threatening geckos!
I swear, if you were any worse at this, you'd be doing our job for us!
On a scale of 1 - 10, you're proper screwed!
Your mother was a kobold and your father smelled of elderberry!
You would bore the legs off a village idiot!
It gives me a headache just trying to think down to your level!
You're not a complete idiot...Some parts are obviously missing!
You're like a trained ape, only, without the training!
Hey, have you ever been mistaken for a (insert)
Well, my time of not taking you seriously is coming to a middle!
Your mother's so ugly, folk turn to stone just incase they might happen to catch a glimpse of her face!
Some day you'll meet a doppelganger of yourself and be disappointed!
Are you always stupid, or are you making a special effort today!
Some day you'll go far and I hope you stay there!
You're lucky to be born beautiful, unlike me, who was born to be a big liar!
I'd like to leave you with one thought...but I'm not sure you have anywhere to put it!
So, you're a half (insert), was your mother a spider or is your ass naturally that huge!
Your momma's so ugly, clerics try to turn her!
Your magic is as bad as your breath!
Oh look, both your weapons are tiny!
A wet cat is tougher than you!
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive!
Are you a half orc crossed with a pig? Oh yeah, there are some things a pig wouldn't do!
Wow, that's a fat ass. I guess those behind you are gaining cover for this fight!
Your Breath would put an otyugh off it's breakfast!
I could say you're as ugly as an ogre, but that would be an insult to ogres!
I would contact your mother about your death, but I don't speak goblin!
Your very existence is an insult to all!
You look like the armpit of an unshaven bog hag!
You are maggot pie served from a dwarf's codpiece!
A goblin with one hand nailed to a tree would be more of a threat than you!
You look like a scab on a troll's wart!
No loot is worth having to look at you!
You are the worst example of your class that I've ever come across!
OMG. Why don't you give me your weapon so I can hit myself with it, because that'd be more effective than you trying it!
I can tell your reservoir of courage is fed by the tributary running down your leg!
I'd insult your parents, but you probably don't know who they are!
Well...I have met sharper loaves of bread!
Even evard's black tentacles wouldn't touch something as gross as you!
Would you like me to remove that curse? Oh my mistake, you were just born that way!
There is no beholder's eye in which you are beautiful!
Animal friendship was the only way your parents could get puppies to play with you!
Your ugly face makes a good argument against raising the dead!
When your god put teeth in your mouth, he ruined a perfectly good asshole!
Whomever is willing to have sex with you, is just too lazy to jerk off!
If your brain exploded, it wouldn't even mess up your hair!
Somewhere, Your depriving a village of it's idiot!
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't get my head that far up my arse!
Could you go get your husband, I don't like fighting ugly women!
You call that an attack, I've seen dead kittens hit harder than that!
I heard what happened to your mother, it's not everyday your reflection kills you!
You look like your mother, and, your mother looks like your father!
You're so stupid, if an illithid tried to eat your brain, it would starve to death!
What's that smell? I thought breath weapons were suppose to come out of your mouth!
I would try to insult your father, but you were probably mistaken for a half orc, and disowned!
Did your mother cast a darkness spell to feed you!
No wonder you're hiding behind cover, I'd hide too with a face like that!
Do you have a pen? Well you'd better get back to it before the farmer knows you are missing!
Quick grab some fire...no wait, it's ok, it's not an actual troll!
If I were you, I'd go and get my money back for that remove curse spell!
OMG. And I thought troglodytes smelt bad!
We're you once hit by a melf's acid arrow or have you always looked like a half eaten marrow!
Phew! Have you just cast stinking cloud or do you always smell like that!
Very impressive, I think I'll hire you out for children's parties!
Hey, you pox ridden dung heap, I bet not even a starving vampire would go near you!
By looking at you, now I know what you get when you scrape out the bottom of the barrel!
I was going to cast detect thoughts, but I don't think I'm going to find anything up there!
I wish I still had that blindness spell, then I wouldn't have to endure that face anymore!
I was thinking of casting feeblemind, but I doubt it would work on you!
Tell me, did you run away from your parents, or did they run away from you!
What's the difference between a troll and your mother? One's a stinking ugly monster, and the other is a troll!
I was wondering what you are, you're fat enough to be an ogre, but I've never seen an ogre THAT ugly before!
Your mother was so stupid, zombies made her a dunce hat!
You're like a gnome on stilts, real cute, but it's not working!
They say every rose has its thorn, ain't that right, buttercup!
I'd say you were a worthy opponent, but I once fought a flumph wielding a dandelion!
If this fight gets any harder, I'll have to switch it up to folk music!
I'd draw my rapier, but I wouldn't want to make you jealous!
Do you know what happens to a (insert) when it fails it's save? Neither do I, but based on what happened to your comrade, my money's on 'dies horribly'!
How does it feel that you're not worthy of anyone casting a decent spell on you!
One day I'm going to make a ballad of this fight. Tell me your name, I hope it rhymes with horribly slaughtered!
Your mother is so fat that making a joke here would detract from the seriousness of her condition!
Didn't there used to be like twice as many of you guys? What's up with that, huh!
Stop me if you've heard this one. The sole purpose of your existence is to serve as a speedbump on others path to greatness - okay you definitely should of stopped me by now!
What's the difference between a dragon and a mallard with a cold? One's a sick duck and I forget the punchline, but your mother's a whore!
Wait, wait, I just need to ask, what do you need us to put on your headstone!
I've heard of schoolgirls with better fighting skills than you!
By the gods your ugly, I bet your father regrets not pulling out when he had the chance!
You do know the pointy end is suppose to go in the other guy, right!
Do you know, that if you were at a party surrounded by female zombies, the only thing you'd pull is a hamstring!
Wait, so you're the manifestation of a divine being of supreme power and malevolence, and you chose that face? Do they even have mirrors on your plane of existence!
