Are you a celestial? Because I feel like I've been visited by an angel.
Huh. I don't remember summoning an angel, but yet, here you are.
Would you hold my hand? I wish to be able to tell others that I've been touched by an angel.
Call me an Aasimar, because I've fallen for you.
I'm thinking about becoming a cleric, because you're making me want to get on my knees.
Are you a demigod? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Are you an oracle? Because you're the answer to everything I'm searching for.
Get ready to cast Lesser Restoration, because because I think I've got a fever for you.
You must be from another plane of existence because you're out of this world.
I need a cleric to cast Revive! I must be dead to meet an angel like you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a natural 20.Are you a druid? Because your shape is driving me wild.
Just call me a beholder, because my eyes are just full of your beauty.
Did I fail my constitution save? Because I'm stunned.
Please tell me you're not a mimic, because that chest looks too good to be true!
I need a ring of fire resistance because you are hot!Your eyes sparkle more then any dragon's hoard.
Are you a Paladin? Because you're looking lawful good today
Did you cast Phantasmal Killer? Because you are drop-dead gorgeous.
Are you a mind flayer? Because I can't get you out of my head.
I must have fumbled my wisdom save, because I'm enthralled!
You must have cast Psychic Scream, because you blow my mind.
What level of spell caster are you? Because counterspell wouldn't be able to defeat your Charm Person.
You must be a wizard, because I've fallen under your spell.
As a half-elf, I'm normally resistant to being charmed. But in your case, I'll make an exception.
Do you know how to cast Dream? Because I'm sure I'll see you in mine tonight.
Got any 5th-level spell slots left? Because you could dominate this person!
You must have proficiency with thieve's tools, because you've stolen my heart.
Did you just cast reverse gravity? Because you turn my world upside down.
I don't remember gaining the Key Mind feat, but I could never forget about you.
You're like a spell book, because I want to spend hours memorizing everything about you.
Life without you is like a broken quill... pointless.
Something’s wrong with my eyes, because I can’t take them off you.
Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I'd better make my constitution save because you're absolutely breathtaking.
You must be a wizard, for you've cast a spell on me.
You must be a bard, for you're plucking at my heartstrings.
Hey girl, are you a barbarian? 'Cuz your style is all the rage.
I think I failed my will save, because you fascinate me.
Suddenly, I wish I were a paladin, for you make me want to Lay on Hands.
Now I wish I was a barbarian because, tonight, I want to get reckless with you.
Hey, baby, I'm like a warlock, because after only a short rest, I'm ready for the next encounter.
Are you a gelatinous cube? Because I feel like this encounter is going to end up with me inside you.
I hope you're vulnerable to piercing damage!
What's your armor class? Because I want to hit that.
You must polish your plate armor a lot, because I can see myself in it.
I may be a bard in the streets, but I'm a rogue in the sheets!
Hey, why don't we split the party and go home together?
Are you a monk? Because I feel a Flurry of Blows coming on tonight.
I'd happily take a level of exhaustion to spend all night with you.
I hope you have good animal handling, because I've got a beast in bed.
Do you have a D8 I could borrow? Because being with you would really inspire my performance tonight.
I feel like I know Mass Polymorph, because I feel like going at it like rabbits.
I seem to have misplaced my teddy bear. Can I sleep with you, instead?
I feel like a Tiefling because you've got me horny.
Get ready, because I've memorized the grappling rules.
I did poorly on my Diplomacy check to haggle with the hotel manager. We get half-off, but we have to share.
Don't you know that the BEST condition is prone?
I memorized charm person 20 times today. You're bound to fail once! (With the caveat that consent is important, of course!)
Want to come back to my place and slip into something with a lower armor class?
Do you believe in love at first sight—or should I walk by again?
You know, half-orcs aren't the only ones with relentless endurance...
Don't worry; I'm a lover AND a fighter.
You won't have to cast Revivify, because I'll last all night long.
Feel my tunic. Know what it’s made of? Boyfriend material.
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
You are stunning! But do you know what would look even better on you? Me!
Why aren't you exhausted? I would think you must be tired from running through my mind all night.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? No? Would you like to?
If I had to rate you from 1 to 10, I'd rate you a 9 because I'm the 1 you are missing.
Are you a druid? Because this animal needs to be handled!
You know, Mage Hand gives me magic fingers...
What do elves, drow, dwarfs, halflings, humans, dragonborn, tieflings, orcs, goblins and small woodland creatures have in common? They can all vouch for me!
Did I mention I'm proficient in Performance?
Courage isn't the only thing I can inspire.
Why don't you come back to my place and I'll show you my immovable rod.
Are you a necromancer? Because you're sure making my bone rise!
Is that a wand of magic missiles in your pocket? Or are you just happy to see me?
Hey, why don't you come back to my place and we'll see how many charges my wand has.
Are you proficient in martial weapons? Because I'd love for you to get your hands on my greatsword.
Don't worry; you don't need martial proficiency to wield my broadsword.
Are you a bardic vampire? Because my organ is filling up with blood.
Hey baby, wanna sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
What do you, 20, 12, 10, 8, 6 and 4 have in common? They all need some D.
I may not be a necromancer but I know how to make things rise.
You're gorgeous! Have you any half-elf in you? No? Want some?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. My jaw!
Aside from being gorgeous, what do you do?
We’re not boots, but I think we’d make a great pair.
If I could rearrange language, I’d put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
Are you a Beholder? Because I'd like to be-holding you!
I don't remember casting Find Familiar, but you're everything I’ve been searching for... and I'd sure like to get familiar!
Baby, if you were words in a spellbook, you’d be fine print.
You can be my dungeon master any time you want.
I'm like a rogue: they do it from behind.
I'm bard. Knowing how to use my tongue is a requirement!
I'm like a halfling: I may be small, but I get a size bonus.
How many ranks do you have in sense motive? None? Excellent! My name is... unimportant, and I'd like to buy you a nice, friendly drink.
30 heads of state want me to be hung, and all 30 of their wives know I already am.
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?